chore(fault-docs): Update 'experiment' to 'fault' in fault docs (#31)
chaosnative/developer-hub-cn: docs/chaos-engineering/chaos-faults/aws/ebs-loss-by-id.md

---

## Introduction
- It causes chaos to disrupt state of ebs volume by detaching it from the node/EC2 instance for a certain chaos duration using volume id.

> - In case of EBS persistent volumes, the volumes can get self-attached and  fault skips the re-attachment step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In case of EBS persistent volumes, the volumes can get self-attached and the re-attachment step is skipped
```
